so fictionally bunch times passed
between portal 1 and portal 2 GLaDOS
kind of comes back to the picture and
the testing facilities totally run down
and overgrown and so the next bits going
to show you what that environment looks
like and then also GLaDOS kind of coming
in and tighten things back up so she can
start tests on you yet
so the next part is going to introduce
one of the new characters things
Wheatley is this little personality
sphere he's been trapped on you're
trying to escape as always times past
also personated hey hey lady Oh Priya oh
good you're back a fault maybe you tried
to escape without me pop up all over
there perfect now they told me I've
never never ever to disengage myself
from this racial or I will die but
options here so look get ready to catch
me on the off chance I'm not that a
moment Oh pop opposite i'm free ready
hi this is over really gonna build your
son you ready 1 2 i'll do it you're
watching I know we're in danger this is
amazing we can walk anywhere we want oh
don't make eye contact no thanks we good
no thank you walking keep walking one
nasty piece of work she was but it's the
only way so on the other side of her
chamber is a sealed off place the place
a don't want nobody to find and that's
where we're going an issue okay don't
panic I'm this joe stop this that's
impossible
please fine
all right now
to be joking okay bubela natural we've
got nothing wrong it's you know a long
time how have you been I should I try
and really busy you know okay larger to
me you did what okay look we love a lot
of things that you're going to my break
but I think it by differences behind us
for science you monster